README.md, before:

# Docker: Ngingx with multiple Wordpress + MySQL 5.7. Using docker-compose and Dockerfile. 

## Architecture
- **Nginx proxy:** An Nginx proxy that listens on the port 80 and dinamically sign up new websites attached to the network.
- **Wordpress containers:** Each Wordpress container defined by a docker-compose.yml config, and a Dockerfile included in its own folder.
- **Database containers:** Each website can have its own database, or multiple of them can share one.

> Websites can be in their own docker-compose files too. They just need to be connected to the Nginx proxy network for this architecture to work as expected.

## Adding domains

In the `docker-compose.yml` file, using `website_db` and `website_wordpres` for reference, add the containers for your website and - if needed - database.

Then, create a folder inside `public/` with the name of the website. Three folders are expected inside:
- `.ssh` with the private keys to interact with remote repositories (defined in Dockerfile) - Only needed for repos cloned from external repositories.
- `mysql` empty folder that will contain the database. For shared databases, move it to it's own folder, don't forget to update the main docker-compose.yml.
- `www` folder to contain the web files. By default, an empty folder is expected. A repo will be cloned here. You can change this behaviour by editing the `command` used in the containers configuration inside the `docker-compose.yml` file.


## Installation

```bash
docker network create nginx-proxy-network       # Only required for the first domain
docker-compose up -d
```


> Batman vs Superman is a good movie 😝.

Commit message:

Structural changes + now using mariadb on example website

README.md, after:

# Docker: Ngingx with multiple Wordpress + MySQL 5.7. Using docker-compose and Dockerfile. 

## Architecture
- **Nginx proxy:** An Nginx proxy that listens on the port 80 and dinamically sign up new websites attached to the network.
- **Web containers:** Each web container defined by a docker-compose.yml config, and a Dockerfile included in its own folder.
- **Database containers:** Each website can have its own database, or multiple of them can share one.

## Directory structure
```
.                                               - Repository root directory
    ./docker-config                             - Contains a folder for the proxy + a folder for each website.
        ./proxy                                 - The proxy config folder.
            ./docker-compose.yml                - Docker composer just for the proxy.
            ./config/my_proxy.conf              - Modify Nginx settings.
        ./example-website                       - Website config directory.
            ./docker-compose.yml                - An example website docker compose. Will generate all the containers needed for that web (except the proxy).
            ./config                            
                ./.ssh                          - SSH credentials for remote repositories
                ./Dockerfile                    - The Dockerfile for the Web container
```
## Adding domains

1. Create the storage folder for this new container (just clone storage/example-website and change the directory name).
2. Clone the example-website directory
    - Inside, adapt the following files to meet your specific needs:
        - `./docker-compose.yml`    Special attention to the volumes, which will need to point at the storage folder you previously created
        - `./config/Dockerfile`
    - Add your private SSH key to pull from remote repositories:
        - `./.ssh`

## Run

- Create the network: `docker network create nginx-proxy-network`
- Run the proxy: `cd docker-config/proxy && docker-compose up -d && cd ../../`
- Run the website: `cd docker-config/example-website && docker-compose up -d && cd ../../`
- Enjoy life: 🎈🍻🏂🍸🏖🎉


> Batman vs Superman is a good movie 😝.
